README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="http://www.privilege-car.de/xda/PDroid-banner.png" alt="PDroid2.0"/>
</p>
## PDroid2.0 Official Framework Patches
These are the patches for the official PDroid2.0 framework. The patches only contain the latest stable version. I'm currently looking for a way to distribute 'devel' patches which are for testing purpose only. If someone has good ideas, please get in touch with me.

### Apply The Patches
I'm also looking forward for an better way how to apply the patches. The **yourEnvDir** is the main source directory (e.g. it contains the framework-,build-, and libcore directory):

**1. Step**	

    cd ~/yourEnvDir; repo sync -j16 -f 
    //if sync hangs at 100% try following, otherwise skip this!
    // begin commands for hanging sync!
    press strg+z
    kill %1
    repo sync -j16 -l
    // end commands for hanging sync!
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_build.patch
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_libcore.patch
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_Mms.patch
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_framework.patch
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_PDAgent.patch
	
**2. Step**

Now you have to decide which **default-deny-mode** you prefer. If you don't know what it is, please read [this](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37742535&postcount=623) post at topic **hardcoded default deny mode**. You can simply change the default deny mode, by open the class **PrivacySettings.java** from package android.privacy [directory: frameworks/base/privacy/java/android/privacy/PrivacySettings.java] with a texteditor. Then change following line:

    public static final int CURRENT_DEFAULT_DENY_MODE = DEFAULT_DENY_EMPTY;

To the demanded cases:

**REAL**

    public static final int CURRENT_DEFAULT_DENY_MODE = DEFAULT_DENY_REAL;
    
**RANDOM**

    public static final int CURRENT_DEFAULT_DENY_MODE = DEFAULT_DENY_RANDOM;
    
**EMPTY**

    public static final int CURRENT_DEFAULT_DENY_MODE = DEFAULT_DENY_EMPTY;

**3. Step**

Now you can just build your sources by using following commands:
   
    . build/envsetup.sh 
    brunch <YOUR_DEVICE>
    
**IMPORTANT**
If you have previous patches applied (e.g. v1.54) you have to delete the folder

    packages/apps/Settings
    
**before** you sync your repo!


### Remove The Patches
You can remove the Patches with following commands:

	cd yourEnvDir/build ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    cd yourEnvDir/libcore ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    cd yourEnvDir/frameworks/base ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    cd yourEnvDir/frameworks/opt/telephony ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    cd yourEnvDir/packages/apps/Mms ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    rm -rf yourEnvDir/packages/apps/PDroidAgent
    cd yourEnvDir
    repo abandon pdroid
    
Now only clean your target directory:

	make clobber && make clean
### Easier Way?
If you aren't able to compile by your own, please choose the [PDroid2.0-Flash-Repo](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=32458186&postcount=2) download ready builds for your ROM and Device.

### Can I help you?
Yes of course, I'm always in search of **Team-Members** and **contributors** for other ROMs. If you want to help me, just get in touch with me :-)

Commit message:

Added "how to use" description for the AutoPatch script

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="http://www.privilege-car.de/xda/PDroid-banner.png" alt="PDroid2.0"/>
</p>
## PDroid2.0 Official Framework Patches
These are the patches for the official PDroid2.0 framework. The patches only contain the latest stable version. I'm currently looking for a way to distribute 'devel' patches which are for testing purpose only. If someone has good ideas, please get in touch with me.

### Apply The Patches manually
I'm also looking forward for an better way how to apply the patches. The **yourEnvDir** is the main source directory (e.g. it contains the framework-,build-, and libcore directory):

**1. Step**	

    cd ~/yourEnvDir; repo sync -j16 -f 
    //if sync hangs at 100% try following, otherwise skip this!
    // begin commands for hanging sync!
    press strg+z
    kill %1
    repo sync -j16 -l
    // end commands for hanging sync!
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_build.patch
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_libcore.patch
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_Mms.patch
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_framework.patch
	git checkout -b pdroid; patch -p1 < ~/CM10.1_PDAgent.patch
	
**2. Step**

Now you have to decide which **default-deny-mode** you prefer. If you don't know what it is, please read [this](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37742535&postcount=623) post at topic **hardcoded default deny mode**. You can simply change the default deny mode, by open the class **PrivacySettings.java** from package android.privacy [directory: frameworks/base/privacy/java/android/privacy/PrivacySettings.java] with a texteditor. Then change following line:

    public static final int CURRENT_DEFAULT_DENY_MODE = DEFAULT_DENY_EMPTY;

To the demanded cases:

**REAL**

    public static final int CURRENT_DEFAULT_DENY_MODE = DEFAULT_DENY_REAL;
    
**RANDOM**

    public static final int CURRENT_DEFAULT_DENY_MODE = DEFAULT_DENY_RANDOM;
    
**EMPTY**

    public static final int CURRENT_DEFAULT_DENY_MODE = DEFAULT_DENY_EMPTY;

**3. Step**

Now you can just build your sources by using following commands:
   
    . build/envsetup.sh 
    brunch <YOUR_DEVICE>
    
**IMPORTANT**
If you have previous patches applied (e.g. v1.54) you have to delete the folder

    packages/apps/Settings
    
**before** you sync your repo!

### Apply The Patches with script
*First: Thanks to biglsd who wrote the base of the script! *

You can now easily apply the patches to your sources with a little batch script. The script will be enhanced in the future, but for now it simplifies the patching process a lot. The script removes the old patches from the sources, syncs the source code and then applies the patches again. How to use it?

1. Download all patches from the branch included the AutoPatch script
2. Put the script and the patches inside your environment directory (it contains the framework-,build-, and libcore ... directories)
3. Open the script with an texteditor and change the directory where your sources are

   > CWD="YourDirToSources"
   
4. Open the terminal and go to your environment directory and type

   > ./AutoPatch
    
5. If you have any problem with **permissions denied** messages, type following

   > chmod +x AutoPatch
    
   and try again


### Remove The Patches
You can remove the Patches with following commands:

	cd yourEnvDir/build ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    cd yourEnvDir/libcore ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    cd yourEnvDir/frameworks/base ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    cd yourEnvDir/frameworks/opt/telephony ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    cd yourEnvDir/packages/apps/Mms ; git checkout . ; git clean -df
    rm -rf yourEnvDir/packages/apps/PDroidAgent
    cd yourEnvDir
    repo abandon pdroid
    
Now only clean your target directory:

	make clobber && make clean
### Easier Way?
If you aren't able to compile by your own, please choose the [PDroid2.0-Flash-Repo](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=32458186&postcount=2) download ready builds for your ROM and Device.

### Can I help you?
Yes of course, I'm always in search of **Team-Members** and **contributors** for other ROMs. If you want to help me, just get in touch with me :-)
